Update platforms.rst for Tetralith (#34)
NorESMhub/NorESM-docs: configurations/platforms.rst

Tetralith @ NSC
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Configuration files for running NorESM2 on Tetralith are distributed e.g. in the tag release-noresm2.0.7. If Tetralith configurations are missing in your copy of the model the files can be found in the following folder on Tetralith:
::

  /proj/cesm_input-data/tetralith_config_noresm2
    

Apply for membership in CESM climate model shared data storage (NAISS 2024/23-95) for access to the folder.

> Copy the files in the above folder to if configuration files are not distributet witht he code:

Reviewer: Typos:
```suggestion
Copy the files in the above folder to if configuration files are not distributed with the code:
```

Author: Thanks for spotting the typo!
